Teams - main branch (Make PRs against this branch!) (#140)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/teams.adoc

Each team has a team maintainer who can add new users to their own team. If you have the Administrator permission over your master organization, you can add users to any team and select whether they are members or maintainers. A team maintainer can only assign members to their specific team or child teams. Team maintainers can also designate new maintainers for teams they manage.

Any user can view their team’s hierarchy in the *Teams* section in Access Management.

For an example of a teams structure applied across an organization, see xref:teams-example.adoc[Example Teams Structure].

=== Create a Child Team

If you have the Administrator permission or are a team maintainer, you can create child teams under your team. The child team inherits permissions from its parent team, but you configure additional, specific permissions for it.

To create a child team in the Teams feature interface:

> . In *Access Management*, select *Teams*.

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

. In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Teams*.
```

. Select *Create Team*.
. Enter a unique and intuitive name for your child team.
. Select a parent team.
. Select *Save*.

The child team appears under its parent team in the list of teams.

=== Configure Permissions for Your Team

When you begin using the Teams feature, your organization’s main team is named “Everyone at <Your Organization>” and does not have any permissions assigned. If you have the Administrator permission, you can configure permissions for this team in addition to child teams. If you invite users to “Everyone at <Your Organization>” without assigning any permissions to that team, your users cannot perform execute tasks or view assets.

If you have the Administrator permission in a specific business group but not your entire organization, you can assign these permissions to any of existing teams or users within your organization.

To configure permissions for teams in the Teams feature interface:

> . In *Access Management*, select *Teams*.

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

. In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Teams*.
```

. Select the team for which you want to configure permissions.
. Select the *Permissions* tab.
. Select the permissions that you want to add, and then select *Next*.
. Select the business groups and environments to which you want to apply the permissions, and then select *Review*.
. Select *Add Permissions*.

== Add Users to a Team

If you have the Administrator permission in the master business group or are a team maintainer, you can add members to existing teams using three methods:

* The Teams feature interface
* Sending an invitation to a new user via email
* External group mapping (for customers with SSO configured via SAML only)

=== Add Users using the Teams Interface

To add a user in the Teams feature interface:

> . In *Access Management*, select the *Teams* tab.

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]

. In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Teams*.
```

. In the *Teams* page, select the team to which you want to add a user.
. Select *Add members*.
. Select the name of each user you want to add to the team.
. Select the role that you want to assign to each user: member or maintainer.
. Select *Add member*.

The user is added to the team and receives the team’s permissions.

=== Add Users using Email Invitations

When you send an email to invite a new user to your organization, you can specify a team to which the user is added automatically when they accept your invitation. The user is also automatically added to your organization’s parent team, known as “Everyone at <Your Organization>” by default.

For more information about inviting a user to an existing team via email, see xref:users.adoc#inviting-a-user-to-anypoint-platform[Inviting a User to Anypoint Platform].

=== Add Users using External Group Mapping

This feature will be available in the beta release of Teams.

// For more information about external group mappings, see xref:<topic that talks about external group mappings>.adoc[insert title of that section here].

== Grant Permissions to Individual Users

> If you have the Administrator permission, you can assign permissions to individual users without assigning those users to a team. For more information about assigning permissions to individuals, see xref:user-permissions.adoc#grant-permissions-to-an-individual-user[Grant Permissions to Individual Users].

Author: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission, you can assign permissions to individual users without assigning those users to a team. For more information about assigning permissions to individuals, see xref:user-permissions.adoc#grant-permissions-to-an-individual-user[Grant Permissions to Individual Users].
```

Teams have a cascading permissions structure that helps you manage users and permissions with scalability in mind.

If you have the Organization Administrator permission over your root organization, you can achieve the following using the Teams feature:

* Manage your organization from a simple, global view
* Group users into teams to easily manage permissions and share assets
* Assign team maintainers to delegate management of team members and child teams
* Manage user and team permissions across multiple business groups in one place

Starting with the “Everyone at <Your Organization>" team, which contains all users who join your organization either via an invitation or SSO, you can create specialized _child teams_ that have more specific permissions based on the responsibilities of their members.
The Teams feature enables you to mimic the structure of your organization and seamlessly manage permissions and team membership as your organization grows.

After your child teams are created, you can invite new users directly to the appropriate team using email invitations or using the xref:configure-teams#invite-users-with-teams[Teams feature interface].

> When you add a user to a team, you can also specify whether they should be a _team maintainer_ (a user who can manage team membership) or a _member_ (a user who receives the permissions outlined in the team structure). Outside of teams, you can still xref:user-permissions.adoc#grant-permissions-to-an-individual-user.[assign specific permissions to individual users] if they require permissions that should not extend to an entire team.

Reviewer: maintainers receive the permissions of the teams as well

> When you add a user to a team, you can also specify whether they should be a _team maintainer_ (a user who can manage team membership) or a _member_ (a user who receives the permissions outlined in the team structure). Outside of teams, you can still xref:user-permissions.adoc#grant-permissions-to-an-individual-user.[assign specific permissions to individual users] if they require permissions that should not extend to an entire team.

Author: ```suggestion
When you add a user to a team, you can also specify whether they should be a _team maintainer_ (a user who receives the permissions outlined in the team structure and manages team membership) or a _member_ (a user who receives the permissions outlined in the team structure). Outside of teams, you can still xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[assign specific permissions to individual users] if they require permissions that should not extend to an entire team.
```

Adopting a team structure in your organization also enables you to share assets more easily. In Anypoint Exchange, you can share an asset with an entire team rather than having to select each user individually.

[NOTE]
To manage teams permissions, you must have the Organization Administrator permission over the business group that contains resources that you want to give access over to a specific user or a team.
You can modify any permissions for all teams in your organization only if you have the Organization Administrator permission over the whole organization.

== Permissions Structure

When you are planning your organization’s team structure, consider the following:

> * Each member of your organization is a member of the “Everyone at <Your Organization> team.

Author: ```suggestion
* Each member of your organization is a member of the “Everyone at <Your Organization> team, or the _root_ team.
```

> * Your team structure should reflect the structure of your organization so that you can plan your teams and configure permissions according to member needs.

Reviewer: Should we call out that teams can be moved around in response to changing needs?

> * Your team structure should reflect the structure of your organization so that you can plan your teams and configure permissions according to member needs.

Author: ```suggestion
* Your team structure should reflect the structure of your organization so that you can plan your teams and configure permissions according to member needs. However, you can move teams as the needs of your organization change.
```

* Your organization can have up to 2000 teams.
* Your teams can be nested up to 10 levels, including the “Everyone at <Your Organization> team.
* You can create teams without adding members.
* Every child team inherits permissions from its parent team.

When you configure permissions in your organization, you should give your organization’s main team, “Everyone at <Your Organization>, permissions that do not afford too many privileges. Since every member of your organization is a member of that team, you should only configure permissions that you want every user to have. The child teams you create under the top level team inherit the permissions of the parent team. You can give each child team more specialized permissions that reflects the team members’ responsibilities.

Each team has a team maintainer who can add new users to their own team. If you have the Administrator permission over your master organization, you can add users to any team and select whether they are members or maintainers. A team maintainer can only assign members to their specific team or child teams. Team maintainers can also designate new maintainers for teams they manage.

> Any user can view their team’s hierarchy in the *Teams* section in Access Management.

Reviewer: Any user can view this data in the API, but we only plan on opening Access Management up to maintainers.

> Any user can view their team’s hierarchy in the *Teams* section in Access Management.

Author: ```suggestion
```

= Manage User Access Using Teams

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> The Teams feature enables you to create groups of users and then assign certain permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Teams feature enables you to create groups of users and then assign the members of those groups certain permissions.
```

Teams have a cascading permissions structure that helps you manage users and permissions with scalability in mind.

If you have the Organization Administrator permission over your root organization, you can achieve the following using the Teams feature:

* Manage your organization from a simple, global view
* Group users into teams to easily manage permissions and share assets
* Assign team maintainers to delegate management of team members and child teams
* Manage user and team permissions across multiple business groups in one place

> Starting with the “Everyone at <Your Organization>" team, which contains all users who join your organization either via an invitation or SSO, you can create specialized _child teams_ that have more specific permissions based on the responsibilities of their members.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with the “Everyone at <Root Organization>" team, which contains all users who join your organization either via an invitation or SSO, you can create specialized _child teams_ that have more specific permissions based on the responsibilities of their members.
```

The Teams feature enables you to mimic the structure of your organization and seamlessly manage permissions and team membership as your organization grows.

After your child teams are created, you can invite new users directly to the appropriate team using email invitations or using the xref:configure-teams#invite-users-with-teams[Teams feature interface].

When you add a user to a team, you can also specify whether they should be a _team maintainer_ (a user who receives the permissions outlined in the team structure and manages team membership) or a _member_ (a user who receives the permissions outlined in the team structure). Outside of teams, you can still xref:users.adoc#grant-user-permissions[assign specific permissions to individual users] if they require permissions that should not extend to an entire team.

Adopting a team structure in your organization also enables you to share assets more easily. In Anypoint Exchange, you can share an asset with an entire team rather than having to select each user individually.

[NOTE]

> To manage teams permissions, you must have the Organization Administrator permission over the business group that contains resources that you want to give access over to a specific user or a team.

Reviewer 2: I had to read this more than once; how about...:
```suggestion
To manage teams permissions, you must have the Organization Administrator permission over the business group that contains the resources that you want to give a specific user or a team access to.
```

> You can modify any permissions for all teams in your organization only if you have the Organization Administrator permission over the root organization.

Reviewer 2: Is "any" nec. here?

Reviewer 2: Note the introduction of "root organization" here: should we have introduced it earlier?

Author: ```suggestion
You can modify permissions for all teams in your organization only if you have the Organization Administrator permission over the root organization.
```

== Permissions Structure

When you are planning your organization’s team structure, consider the following:

> * Each member of your organization is a member of the “Everyone at <Your Organization> team, or the _root_ team.

Reviewer 2: Yeah...consider naming the root team at the very first mention of "Everyone at...>.
I'd repeat it in subsequent texts as well, just to clarify "root" vs. "parent organization" vs. "your organization" vs. any other name we might use that might be confused with "root."

Reviewer 2: Also, search for and just take a look at how this documentation refers to "organization" vs. "group" vs. "team."

Reviewer 2: I still think an illo would help...at least help ME! lol

Author: ```suggestion
* Each member of your organization is a member of the “Everyone at <Root Organization> team, or the _root_ team.
```

* Your team structure should reflect the structure of your organization so that you can plan your teams and configure permissions according to member needs. However, you can move teams as the needs of your organization change.
* Teams names must be unique across your organization.
* Your organization can have up to 2000 teams.

> * Your teams can be nested up to 10 levels, including the “Everyone at <Your Organization> team.

Author: ```suggestion
* Your teams can be nested up to 10 levels, including the “Everyone at <Root Organization> team.
```

* You can create teams without adding members.
* Every child team inherits permissions from its parent team.

> When you configure permissions in your organization, you should give your organization’s main team, “Everyone at <Your Organization>, permissions that do not afford too many privileges. Since every member of your organization is a member of that team, you should only configure permissions that you want every user to have. The child teams you create under the top level team inherit the permissions of the parent team. You can give each child team more specialized permissions that reflects the team members’ responsibilities.

Reviewer 2: Note use here of "your organization's main team" instead of "root" to refer to Everyone....

Reviewer 2: GLOBAL: "since" > "because" if that is what you really mean (rather than "after"...which you should also replace "since with!)

Reviewer 2: "only configure" > "configure only those permissions"; also, suggested removal of modal "you should" here:
```suggestion
When you configure permissions in your organization, give your organization’s main team, “Everyone at <Root Organization>, permissions that do not afford too many privileges. Because every member of your organization is a member of that team, configure only those permissions that you want every user to have. The child teams you create under the top-level team inherit the permissions of the parent team. You can give each child team more specialized permissions that reflect the team members’ responsibilities.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't understand the child team-top-level team-parent team hierarchy in this sentence:

"The child teams you create under the top-level team inherit the permissions of the parent team."

What is the top-level team: root? Are we repeating that all teams inherit from root, or repeating that all child teams inherit from their parent?

Author: All child teams inherit permissions from their parent team(s).

Author: Which includes root.

> Each team has a team maintainer who can add new users to their own team. If you have the Administrator permission over your root organization, you can add users to any team and select whether they are members or maintainers. A team maintainer can only assign members to their specific team or child teams. Team maintainers can also designate new maintainers for teams they manage.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if the first and second sentences here should be switched?
And should we clarify that maintainers are also members; this this is not a dichotomy but that maintainers are a special kind of member who can add other members to their team and their team's child teams?

Author: ```suggestion
If you have the Organization Administrator permission over your root organization, you can add users to any team and select whether they are members or maintainers. Each team has a _team maintainer_, a member who can add new users to their own team. A team maintainer can only assign members to their specific team or child teams. Team maintainers can also designate new maintainers for teams they manage. 
```

For an example of a teams structure applied across an organization, see xref:teams-example.adoc[Example Teams Structure].

== Opt in to Teams

> include::partial$include-nav-no-permissions.adoc[]

Author: ```suggestion
include::partial$include-nav-steps-no-permissions.adoc[]
```

> . In the Access Management navigation menu, click *Try New Features*.

Reviewer 2: If "Access Management" is a label, use bold.

. Click *Start Using These Features*. +

> The Access Management navigation menu options change, and you can now use the Teams feature.

Author: ```suggestion
The Access Management navigation menu options change, and you can now use the Teams feature. You can xref:configure-teams.adoc#create-a-child-team[create a team] or xref:roles.adoc#migrate-roles-to-teams[migrate existing roles and permissions to teams].
```
